Update SPM docs to reflect support for spanmetrics connector (#640)
jaegertracing/documentation: content/docs/next-release/spm.md

## Architecture

{{< info >}}

> The [SpanMetrics Processor](https://github.com/jaegertracing/jaeger/blob/main/docker-compose/monitor/README.md#migrating-to-span-metrics-connector)
> is deprecated in favour of the [SpanMetrics Connector](https://github.com/jaegertracing/jaeger/blob/main/docker-compose/monitor/README.md#migrating-to-span-metrics-connector).
> 
> Specifically for the SPM feature, Jaeger versions &le; 1.45.0 will support Opentelemetry Collector versions &le; 0.70.0.
> 
> As a corollary, Jaeger versions &ge; 1.46.0 will support Opentelemetry Collector versions &ge; 0.71.0.
> 
> For details on migrating your Jaeger components to use the metrics produced by the
> [SpanMetrics Connector](https://github.com/jaegertracing/jaeger/blob/main/docker-compose/monitor/README.md#migrating-to-span-metrics-connector)
> please refer to the [migration guide](https://github.com/jaegertracing/jaeger/blob/main/docker-compose/monitor/README.md#migrating-to-span-metrics-connector).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with v1.46.0, Jaeger supports the OpenTelemetry [SpanMetrics Connector][spanmetrics-conn], which is replacing the deprecated [SpanMetrics Processor][spanmetrics]. Please refer to the [migration guide](https://github.com/jaegertracing/jaeger/blob/main/docker-compose/monitor/README.md#migrating-to-span-metrics-connector).
```
